In this scenario,
we are working an Incident which has recurred several times over the last month.
The root cause remains unknown.
But we can see from previous occurrences that there is an established workaround
that has been successfully used in the past to restore service.
Once we've applied the workaround,
we can copy the Resolution Notes from the previous Incident.
Now,
let's proceed to resolve the ticket.
We'll select the appropriate Resolution Code,
Resolved (with workaround).
Adjust the Resolution Notes if needed,
then click Resolve.
Now,
let's create the Problem record.
From the More Actions menu,
choose Create Problem.
A new Problem is created,
pre-populated with data from the originating Incident.
You can make changes if needed
to the Short Description and Description fields,
as well as any other fields,
to provide a detailed summary of the
issue and enable proper assessment and analysis.
We saw earlier that there were other Incidents in
the system for previous occurrences of this Problem.
So let's head to the Related Records tab to relate them.
As you can see,
the originating Incident is already listed.
To relate additional Incidents,
click Add.
Apply any filters needed to find the relevant Incidents,
then use the checkboxes to select them,
then click Add to relate them to the record.
We're now ready to assign the Problem record
to the Problem Management group for assessment.
Click Assign.
Select the Problem Management assignment group.
Add Work Notes as needed.
Then click Save
That's it.
The Problem is now assigned to the Problem
Management group for assessment and further investigation.